[lab/compute]: Add threads vs processes table, plus some explanations (#253)
open-education-hub/operating-systems: content/chapters/compute/lab/content/threads.md

## Threads vs Processes

So why use the implementation that spawns more processes if it's slower than the one using threads?
The table below lists the differences between threads and processes.

> Generally, if we want just to do some computing, we use threads.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Generally, if we only want to do some computing, we use threads.
```

> If we need to drastically change the behaviour of the program, we need a new program altogether, or we need more than computing (eg. communication on the network, like in MPI), we use processes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If we need to drastically change the behaviour of the program, we need a new program altogether, or we need more than computing (eg. communication on the network to create a computing cluster), we use processes.
```
Students (2nd year and from other universities) might not know what MPI is.

> | PROCESS                          | THREAD                               |
> | :------------------------------- | :----------------------------------- |
> | independent                      | part of a process                    |
> | isolated VAS                     | shares VAS with other threads        |
> | slower creation                  | faster creation                      |
> | larger context switch duration   | shorter context switch duration      |
> | ending means ending all threads  | other threads continue when finished |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| PROCESS                                              | THREAD                               |
| :--------------------------------------------------- | :----------------------------------- |
| independent                                          | part of a process                    |
| collection of threads                                | shares VAS with other threads         |
| slower creation (new page table must be created)     | faster creation              |
| longer context switch duration (TLB must be flushed) | shorter context switch duration (part of the same process, so same TLB) |
| ending means ending all threads                      | other threads continue when finished |
```
Please align these yourself as the GitHub suggestion interface is buggy and doesn't render spaces properly.
